[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai:
With Danger rapidly closing in,
our heroes airlifted
the ailing Goku to safety.
The flight from the
Androids continues... now ...
♪♪ OPENING SONG ♪♪
[KRILLIN] So, the three
of 'em may be treating
the whole thing like a game,
but it's definitely a game
they want Goku to lose.
Wow. Are they really
that strong, though?
[KRILLIN] Put it this way:
multiply Trunks' warning by ten.
Oh no! I'm a terrible mother!
I was so caught
up in all the commotion,
I almost forgot the
most important thing!
What are you talking about, Mom?
You have studying to do.
Wha? You can't be serious...
Current circumstances do not
excuse you from schoolwork.
Wow, Chichi; you really are
something else, you know that?
So... what's our next move?
Hey don't look at me.
I don't have the slightest clue.
This... may sound
crazy but here's a thought...
Well since I know where doctor
Gero s secret laboratory is...
Why not travel back to before
the Androids were activated?
I could try to
destroy them while
they re still dormant.
All at once.
Of course...!
That'd totally work, right?
Yeah, but... Stop me
if I'm wrong here Trunks,
but I thought your time machine
wasn t all that precise...?
Besides, like you told Goku,
traveling back
and forth through time
takes so much energy you d have
a tough time getting enough
for a round trip, right?
[KRILLIN] So if you jump
into the past again,
there s no guarantee that you ll
make it back to your time.
Good point.
But... If you could
actually go back and destroy
the Androids in past
what would happen
to the ones that
are already here?
[GOHAN]
In our present, I mean...?
Would they all just
disappear or something...?
Or would it be more like they...
Well, like they never existed--
Wait... That's right...
It couldn't work!
If I went back to when before
the Androids were
created and stopped
Doctor Gero from
ever making them it'd alter
the course of that timeline,
but it wouldn't
change a thing about
the timeline they've
already become a part of...
They'd still be here.
I'm... not followin' you.
Well... uh... Let's see...
[TRUNKS]
Okay, take Goku for example:
The medicine I brought from
the future healed Goku here,
in your present.
That created a future for you
where he stays healthy
longer than he would have
if I'd never shown up to
give him the medicine.
But in the future
where I came from,
Goku's been gone a long time.
Nothing I've done here
has changed that fact.
[TRUNKS] An alternate future
exists for you guys now,
but that's it.
Okay, wait. My head's spinning.
[KRILLIN] So by that logic,
the future you came from
stays the same
no matter what you do?
Even if Goku does somehow
defeat the Androids here,
they'll still be running
wild in your own time?
That s right.
But, then why go through the
trouble of coming
here in the first place?
The world where you're from
wouldn't reap
any of the benefit.
My mom said...
...that she was done...
Done living in
a world without any hope
because of the Androids
[TRUNKS] Any future where
they didn't exist
was good enough for her,
even if is she
couldn't live in it herself.
Of course recon was
the primary objective:
she thought we might
find some weakness
to exploit by watching
Goku fight them.
And if that wasn t enough,
I was supposed to
bring him back to our time for a
faceoff with the androids there.
Heh. I apologize... Thing is,
the past I've traveled
back to is so different
from what we expected
that it throws a wrench
into all of those plans.
Not only is the timing of
Goku's heart condition
a little skewed,
there's now one more Android
than I was prepared
to have to deal with.
[TRUNKS]
And for some reason,
all three Androids
are a lot stronger.
Yeah... but... what was
it that made everything
change so much in our time--
I don t know...
I can t explain it...
But... maybe...
...maybe it was me and
my coming here only
made things worse.
[CHICHI]
Hey, don't over-think it.
However bad it
seems I know we re
still better off now
than if you hadn t come.
My Goku's well
again because of you.
Yeah! Focus on the positive!
Things will work out.
Sure... They always do.
[KRILLIN] We ve been
through a lot worse
spots than this before, right?
We'll scrape through this one
way or another. Probably.
[CHICHI]
Krillin!
[KRILLIN]
Kidding!
[ANDROID 18]
You keep saying this is the
way to Goku's house,
but... how do you know?
Who said I know.
I've been driving
on pure instinct.
You're guessing...?
Oh great...
So... We might get
there this century.
Goku s home is located in a
mountain village
in section 439 East.
Well... aren't you smart.
Did you get
that from the doctor?
Correct... And flying would have
been the most efficient way.
Thank you... At least
someone backs me up...
[ANDROID 18] But oh no; we just
had to take the scenic route...
Stop complaining...
The most inefficient
way is usually the most fun.
[ANDROID 18] Is Goku even more
powerful than you are?
[ANDROID 18] I see. I thought
one of you was special...
...but neither is.
Su--Super Saiyans are supposed
to be absolutely invincible!
How was I defeated?!
It makes no sense...
My power should
stand second to none!
I am the Sayian prince,
the crowning pinnacle
of my race!
Becoming Super Sayian
should have cemented
my place as the greatest
warrior in the universe!
Is technology superior
to my strength?
Am I limited by mere biology?
No. I am Vegeta!
I have no limits!
Whoever my opponent,
their might is nothing
compared to mine!
I will crush them!
And Kakarrot.
When the Androids are dust,
you can be sure that I will
be coming for you next.
[YAMCHA] Master Roshi's
place isn't much farther.
Not sure if anyone's
thought of this,
but Krillin, you think maybe
we oughta clue Bulma in?
Yeah, sure.
Wait, you're thinkin'
I should be the one
to call her. Ah great.
Come on, you're the best
person to get her up to speed.
You know more.
Alright. No offense, man,
but your mom has
one heck of a temper.
Trust me, she's not
gonna mellow with age.
[PHONE RINGING]
Um... Hello...
I need to be put through to
Bulma right away, please;
this is her friend Krillin.
[SECRETARY] Her friend?
Oh I mean Mr. Krillin!
Yes of course!
I'll patch you through her
private line in two shakes.
Please hold.
[BULMA]
Krillin! What's wrong?!
Something's has to be up!
Tell me everything!
First things first, where on
earth are you calling from?
Secondly I tried
checking to see if Gohan
made it home okay
but no one over there
will pick up the phone.
Thirdly, please tell
me the grown-up version
of my "mysterious son
from the future" is with you.
Uh... Yeah, sure...
He's sitting right here.
Really? Oh, good.
Do me a favor and put him on.
Go ahead and keep
talking like you have been;
you're on speaker so
he hears you loud and clear.
[BULMA] Okay, listen. A team of
land surveyors from
some backwater
yokel-ville out west
gave the company
a buzz a few days ago.
Apparently these
guy's stumbled across
some weird abandoned vehicle
they were hoping to claim.
Trouble was, they had no idea
how to start it up,
so they asked if we
could help them out...
'kay...so... um--
[BULMA] Well, our people
asked them what the
vehicle's model number was
and they said
they couldn't find one.
Naturally, we asked them
if they were sure it was a
Capsule Corporation
product they'd found,
and they said yes.Our logo
was right there on the body.
We were shocked so we asked them
to take a photo of it and
send it over to us
as soon as possible.
[BULMA CONTINUES]
Long story short,
I've got the photo
in front of me...
And not only is this Trunks'
time machine I'm staring at...
It's showing some
major signs of wear and tear.
That's impossible... Here, look.
[TRUNKS] Yeah, see I've got
my time machine on me.
It's condensed
into capsule form.
He says he's got his time
machine with him.
That's odd... I mean...
It's just... uncanny...
The one in the photo's pretty
moss-eaten and overgrown,
like it's been
sitting there a while,
but otherwise we're
talking dead ringer.
[BULMA] Do you think it s
possible that my
future self-cranked out more
than one of these things?
Sorry, no...
...you were barely able find the
materials to make one.
[BULMA] Well, that's
really bizarre then,
'cause that would
have to make this the
exact same machine
you traveled here in;
I'm absolutely positive.
I've got an eye for
this stuff, believe me.
Here, let me shoot
a copy of the photo
to you fellas so you
can see for yourself.
Here, take a look at this.
She's absolutely right.
This is the exact same machine
I came here in;
there's no question.
But, what does it mean?
[TRUNKS] Does she know
the exact location
where this photo was taken?
Alright, he's got a question.
Know where it was taken?
Like precisely?
Well, not precisely,
but judging from the postmark
it s outside of section
1050 West. You going?
Yes, I have to
see it for myself.
[BULMA] I'd like to come,
if you don't mind.
It's not that far for me.
Uh... If you'd like to, I guess.
So let me ask it again,
are you sure there's
only one time machine?
Yes... I'm positive.
Um... So, uh... I'd like
to have a look, too...
If that's okay with you.
Excuse me?
It'll be fine, Mom.
I mean, come on...
It's not like we're going
anywhere dangerous...
We'll be safe.
[BULMA'S MOM] And some water
for you, beautiful...
Hey mom... I ve gotta jet...
Something's come up...
You mind watching Trunks for me?
[BULMA'S MOM]
Glad to sweetheart,
but where you
headed in such a tiz?
Nowhere bad... I'm just gonna
rendezvous with my son.
Trunks...?
What about the rest of the
humans the future you re from?
I mean, have those
two Androids really managed
to turn the whole planet
into a war zone.
Well... That's one way
of putting it.
Except if it's a war, humans
are easily on the losing side...
The population's dwindled
to near nothing.
The few tens of thousands of us
still around live in secret
underground bunkers.
Wow... That's bad...
[GOHAN] Then I sure do
hope they have a
weakness like you said
and that we can find it.
Yeah... Me too.
[TRUNKS] I ve been thinking
about that. It was clear that
Dr. Gero didn t want
to activate these Androids.
He must have known
how dangerous they were.
But we left him with no choice
and that s when
they turned on him.
Gero may have been
evil but he was no idiot.
If the Androids were
a threat he would
have had some
sort of backup plan.
He would have needed some way
to turn them off if they
suddenly went out of control
like an emergency
shutdown device.
[TRUNKS]
It's a long shot,
but if we can find it we
can use it to stop them.
Aw, come on... I don't
think it's a long shot!
I wish I could agree with you.
We're right on top of the area
we're looking for,
so keep your eyes peeled.
You got it.
[GOHAN] Got it...! Hey, I found
it! Over here!
Nicely done, Gohan. Good eye.
Didn't take Bulma very long...
I'll flag her down.
Does anything at all happen
in that big head of yours,
Number Sixteen?
[ANDROID 18] How do you not
get totally bored?
Come on. Leave him alone...
[ANDROID 17]
He'd much rather think about
crushing Goku than gab with you.
Oh, and by the way, you wanted
some new clothes, right?
There's a little town coming up.
Finally... I can slip into
something halfway decent.
Well, what are you waiting
for number seventeen?
Put the metal to the pedal.
[POLICEMAN A] Stay right where
you are! Don't get cute!
We've got visual confirmation;
this is the van reported stolen.
[POLICEMAN B]
That a fact?
Well, then you kids got
some explaining to do.
That s it... Hands where I can
see em...! Come out now!
Hey you there in the back!
Out! You hear me?!
[POLICEMAN A] No funny business.
Make this easy on yourself.
[METAL SHATTERING]
Uh-oh, I need help here;
the perp is resisting!
That's resisting?
Huh... Imagine that.
See, I always thought resisting
Whoa...! Few feet back there,
honey! Don t make me--
[ANDROID 18] ...would be more
something like this...
What are you doi--
[METAL SHATTERING]
Bye.
[BULMA] Hey, Trunks!
Look who s here!
It's me...!
The Mother of the Year!
Uh, hello...
Is it weird seeing
me all young?
You have to tell me: do I stay
this gorgeous in the future?
Well... You don't really
change all that much, I guess.
Seriously...?
So as the years wear on,
my delicate looks are spared
from the cold ravages of time?
It's almost criminal!
[BULMA LAUGHS]
[TRUNKS]
Mother... Take a look.
[CLICKS]
[EXPLOSION]
This is the ship you built.
I've had it with me in capsule
form since I landed.
[BULMA]
That settles it, then.
This broken down old
thing can't be yours.
No, mom... There's only
ever been one of these.
Weird as it is, there's
just no other way.
This is the same one
I came here in.
I don't know how,
it's got to be.
Are you sure?
[TRUNKS]
Positive.
[BULMA]
What s that say? "Hope?"
Right... You painted
it on there on there
yourself just before I left.
And... It's on both machines.
Hold on a sec...
I have to think about this...
You can tell this one's
been here for a while...
Several years
by the looks of it.
Huh... The dome... was melted...
Looking at how the edges curl,
I'd say from the inside out.
Wait... inside? Do you think
the pilot did that?
Maybe... Let's open it up...
Watch out.
What the...?
Wow, that's kinda ... weird...
Looks like an alien coconut.
Hey... Let me see... please.
Here you go.
Okay...
My best guess...
...is this the shell
of some kind of... egg.
You think so?
I've never seen an
egg like that before.
Wait... What if... Well...
Suppose whatever it was that
made that hole in the dome...
hatched from it?
Residual energy's
almost down to zero...
...but it should scan...
Who or whatever
flew this ship...
...came all the way from year
Seven Hundred
and Eighty-Eight...
Three years after
my first trip here.
[BULMA GASPS]
If the board's still
reading correctly,
then... it landed...
four years ago.
[TRUNKS] A full year before I
defeated Frieza and his father.
Wait, I get it... Of course...!
That's it...! That's the reason!
[TRUNKS]
This explains why the events
of your timeline have
changed so much!
So, this is how you
spend your time, is it?
Spying on the world
from the safety of your perch?
[PICCOLO] If it s a view
of the action you
want then stop
stalling and lets
get this merger over with.
You get to see if all up-close.
So, it seems the
feelings of doom that have
haunted me these
last four years have little
to do with the
Androids at all.
Something has come...
some form...
some pestilence
from I know not where...
The only thing I do know,
is that something worse
than the Androids
...something far superior
to any of them
in strength is lurking
in the world below.
What are you babbling about now?
What do you mean something's
lurking down there?
[KAMI] The time has come
for me to relinquish
my duties as guardian of Earth
and assume with
you the mantel of a
full-fledged Namekian warrior.
[KAMI] Take heed Piccolo.
The foe... that we must face...
is beyond imagining.
The feeling of sheer dread
that heralds its coming...
is so strong...
...all past enemies
pale in comparison.
[NARRATOR] A mysterious
being arrived from
the future, even
before Trunks himself.
Does this creature really pose
a greater threat
than the Androids?
Find out,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪♪ CLOSING SONG ♪♪
[KAMI]
Greetings. This is Kami...
It seems my sense of foreboding
about the Earth's future
has little to do
with the Androids.
[PICCOLO] We don't have time
for this nonsense!
Make up your mind
and let me absorb you!
[KAMI] The hour has come
for good and evil
to reconcile in hopes
of battling the unknown.
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[PICCOLO] It's
shown itself at last...